feat(SkipToContent): Add SkipToContent to demos (#296)
patternfly/virtual-assistant: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/virtual-assistant/examples/demos/Chatbot.md

6. A [`<ChatbotConversationHistoryNav>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-conversation-history) toggled open and closed by the `<ChatbotHeaderMenu`> in the `<ChatbotHeader>`.

> 7. A skip to chatbot link, made with a [PatternFly 6 Skip to Content](/components/skip-to-content)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. A "back to bottom" button that allows you to skip to the end of the chatbot content via the [PatternFly skip to content component](/components/skip-to-content).
```

Would it be accurate to say "button"?

This demo displays an embedded chatbot. Embedded chatbots are meant to be placed within a page in your product. This demo includes:

> 1. A [PatternFly page](/components/page) with a sidebar, skip to chatbot link, and masthead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A [PatternFly page](/components/page) with a sidebar, "back to bottom" button, and masthead.
```
as long as we can say "button"

Author: It doesn't always take you to the bottom per se - it takes you to the chatbot toggle or chatbot content. It's meant to make life a little easier for folks using screenreaders since they can skip navigation, etc. and go right to the chatbot. It also provides them with context that there will be a chatbot.

Reviewer: Okay updated this suggestion now that I know what I should be looking at!
